---
bookFlatSection: true
bookCollapseSection: true
weight: 2
title: Trading
summary: Trade stocks and crypto commission-free over an API-first solution.
---

# Trading

Trade stocks & crypto with Alpaca's Trading API.


### **API Documentation**

To get started with Trading API, read through the [Trading API Reference]({{< relref "/api-references/trading-api" >}}).

{{< columns >}}

### **Paper Trading**


Paper trading is free and available to all Alpaca users Paper trading is a real-time simulation environment where you can test your code. You can reset and test your algorithm as much as you want using free, real-time market data. Paper trading simulates crypto trading as well. Paper trading works the same way as live trading end to end - except the order is not routed a live exchange. Instead, the system simulates the order filling based on the real-time quotes.    

<--->

### **Account Plans**

Alpaca Paper Only Account (Paper-Trading) Anyone globally can create an Alpaca Paper Only Account! All you need to do is sign up with your email address. An Alpaca Paper Only Account is for paper trading only. It allows you to fully utilize the Alpaca API and run your algorithm in our paper trading environment only. You won’t be trading real money, but you will be able to track your simulated activity and balance in the Alpaca web dashboard. 

{{< /columns >}}

{{< columns >}}

### **Crypto Trading**

We now offer crypto trading through our API and the Alpaca web dashboard! Trade all day, seven days a week, as frequently as you’d like. Crypto trading is currently in open beta! Crypto trading is currently available for eligible international participants and participants in the following US jurisdictions: California, Massachusetts, Missouri and Montana. Existing Alpaca users in approved jurisdictions can enable crypto trading capabilities now via the dashboard. New users in approved jurisdictions can sign up for an account here to start trading crypto now. 

<--->

### **Upderstand orders**

Using Alpaca Trade API, a user can monitor, place and cancel their orders with Alpaca. Each order has a unique identifier provided by the client. This client-side unique order ID will be automatically generated by the system if not provided by the client, and will be returned as part of the order object along with the rest of the fields described below. Once an order is placed, it can be queried using the client-side order ID or system-assigned unique ID to check the status. 

{{< /columns >}}

{{< columns >}}

### **Fractional Trading**

Fractional shares are fractions of a whole share, meaning that you don’t need to buy a whole share to own a portion of a company. You can now buy as little as $1 worth of shares for over 2,000 US equities. By default all Alpaca accounts are allowed to trade fractional shares in both live and paper environments. Please make sure you reset your paper account if you run into any issues dealing with fractional shares. 

<--->

### **User Protections**

We have enabled several types of protections to enhance your trading experience. Pattern Day Trader (PDT) Protection Day Trade Margin Call (DTMC) Protection Please note that these do not apply to crypto trading as cryptocurrencies are not marginable. Pattern Day Trading rule does not apply to crypto trading either. Pattern Day Trader (PDT) Protection at Alpaca In order to prevent Alpaca Brokerage Account customers from unintentionally being designated as a Pattern Day Trader (PDT), the Alpaca Trading platform checks the PDT rule condition every time an order is submitted from a customer. 

{{< /columns >}}

{{< columns >}}



&nbsp;
