oas/README.md, before:

# alpaca-oas

Alpaca [OpenAPI specifcations (OAS)](https://swagger.io/docs/specification/about/).

**Warning**: These specs are work in progress and might not reflect latest state.

## Getting started

Install packages / tools for working with the OAS project

```
npm i
```

## Validate OpenAPI spec

`npx swagger-cli validate broker/openapi.yaml`

## Lint OpenAPI spec

`npx spectral lint broker/openapi.yaml`

## Serve an OpenAPI doc preview

`npx redoc-cli serve broker/openapi.yaml --options.onlyRequiredInSamples`

## Generate API clients for a given language

View list of potential generators: `npx openapi-generator-cli list`

Below example generates packages for Java and R from Broker API OpenAPI spec.

```
npx openapi-generator-cli generate -i broker/openapi.yaml -g java -o build/java
npx openapi-generator-cli generate -i broker/openapi.yaml -g r -o build/r
```

## Generate Postman Collection

`npx openapi2postmanv2 -s broker/openapi.yaml -o build/collection.json -p -O folderStrategy=paths,includeAuthInfoInExample=true`

Commit message:

Update oas README to have bigger warning text

oas/README.md, after:

# alpaca-oas

Alpaca [OpenAPI specifcations (OAS)](https://swagger.io/docs/specification/about/).

---
# ⚠️ These specs are still a work in progress and might not at this time accurately reflect the latest state of our apis. ⚠️

We are currently working on making these specs accurate but currently some inaccuracies or missing endpoints are expected.

---
## Getting started

Install packages / tools for working with the OAS project

```
npm i
```

## Validate an OpenAPI spec

`npm run validate broker/openapi.yaml`

You can also optionally run the `./scripts/validate-all.sh` to validate all the spec files

## Lint an OpenAPI spec

`npm run lint broker/openapi.yaml`

You can also optionally run the `./scripts/lint-all.sh` to lint all the spec files

## Serve an OpenAPI doc preview

`npm run serve broker/openapi.yaml --options.onlyRequiredInSamples`

## Generate API clients for a given language

View list of potential generators: `npx openapi-generator-cli list`

Below example generates packages for Java and R from Broker API OpenAPI spec.

```
npx openapi-generator-cli generate -i broker/openapi.yaml -g java -o build/java
npx openapi-generator-cli generate -i broker/openapi.yaml -g r -o build/r
```

While we include this in our dependencies, documenting how to use openapi-generator-cli is a bit out of scope for this document,
please see [their github page](https://github.com/OpenAPITools/openapi-generator-cli) for more information on how to use it.


## Generate Postman Collection

`npx openapi2postmanv2 -s broker/openapi.yaml -o build/collection.json -p -O folderStrategy=paths,includeAuthInfoInExample=true`
