content/docs/integration/state-confirms.md, before:

---
weight: 30
title: Statements and Confirms
---

# Statements and Confirms

## Requirements

Under the FINRA and SEC rules, Alpaca is required to ensure the customer
statements and trade confirms are delivered correctly in time to the end
customers. That being said, the actual communication and delivery do not have to
be done by Alpaca directly. Very often, you want to own the full user
experiences and to be responsible for these communications, which is totally
possible.

## Document API Integration

You can retrieve the generated reports in PDF format through Document API. You
can store the files on your storage if it is required for your regulation
purpose, or you can let your customers download the files using the URL returned
in the API response. If you are a fully-disclosed broker-dealer, you can insert
your firm logo, name and address in the PDF template. Please send those data to
Alpaca.

If you need even more customization on the template, we are currently working on
the new API endpoint which will return only the data points so that you can
build fully-customized documents with your own template. Alpaca still needs to
review your final version of customized documents before delivering to the end
customers for the first time.

&nbsp;

Commit message:

fixed summary + hopeful fix to pictures

content/docs/integration/state-confirms.md, after:

---
weight: 30
title: Statements and Confirms
summary: Open brokerage accounts, enable commission-free trading, and manage the ongoing user experience with Alpaca Broker API
---

# Statements and Confirms

## Requirements

Under the FINRA and SEC rules, Alpaca is required to ensure the customer
statements and trade confirms are delivered correctly in time to the end
customers. That being said, the actual communication and delivery do not have to
be done by Alpaca directly. Very often, you want to own the full user
experiences and to be responsible for these communications, which is totally
possible.

## Document API Integration

You can retrieve the generated reports in PDF format through Document API. You
can store the files on your storage if it is required for your regulation
purpose, or you can let your customers download the files using the URL returned
in the API response. If you are a fully-disclosed broker-dealer, you can insert
your firm logo, name and address in the PDF template. Please send those data to
Alpaca.

If you need even more customization on the template, we are currently working on
the new API endpoint which will return only the data points so that you can
build fully-customized documents with your own template. Alpaca still needs to
review your final version of customized documents before delivering to the end
customers for the first time.

&nbsp;
