content/docs/introduction/_index.md, before:

---
bookFlatSection: true
title: "Introduction"
weight: 1
---

# Introduction

## Who is Alpaca?

### A little bit of history of the company and founders

Alpaca is a technology company headquartered in Silicon Valley that builds
commission-free stock trading through API (Brokerage services are provided by
Alpaca Securities LLC, a member of
[FINRA](https://finra.org)/[SIPC](https://sipc.org)). We are a team of diverse
background individuals with deep financial and technology expertise, backed by
some of the top investors in the industry globally. We are proud to be supported
by the love of enthusiastic community members on [various
platforms](https://alpaca.markets/community).

Alpaca consists of a globally distributed team of professionals from a dozen
different nationalities across North America, South America, Africa, Asia, and
Europe with experience working at industry-leading companies including FINRA,
Wealthfront, EMC, Greenplum, Cloudera, IBM, Apex Clearing, Waddell & Reed, and
Lehman Brothers. Alpaca was founded by [Yoshi
Yokokawa](https://www.linkedin.com/in/yoshiyokokawa/) (CEO), and [Hitoshi
Harada](https://www.linkedin.com/in/hitoshi-harada-02b01425/) (CTO/CPO). Our
well-capitalized group of investors include [Spark
Capital](https://www.sparkcapital.com/), [Portag3](https://www.p3vc.com/),
[Social Leverage](https://www.socialleverage.com/), [Y
Combinator](https://www.ycombinator.com/) as well as highly experienced industry
angel investors such as Joshua S. Levine (former CTO/COO of ETRADE), Eric Di
Benedetto (a fintech angel investor with more than 30 IPO and M&A exits), and
several YC alumni angels.

### Vision

Our vision is to allow the 7 billion people on the planet to access financial
markets. We are committed to providing a secure, reliable and compliant platform
for anyone who wants to build their own trading strategies, asset management
automation, trading and robo-advisor apps, new brokerage services, investment
advisory services and investment products. It is important for us to have a
variety of developers who build exciting things using our API.

### What services does Alpaca provide?

Alpaca provides trading and clearing services for US equities under its
subsidiary Alpaca Securities LLC. We currently support stocks and ETFs listed in
the US public exchanges (NMS stocks). Support for other asset classes, such as
options, cryptocurrencies, futures, FX, private equities, and international
equities are on our roadmap.

We work with retail traders and institutional investors directly, and also work
with app developers, broker-dealers globally, investment advisors and fintech
companies that offer US stock investing features to their end customers, both in
and out of the United States.

To serve our customers, we provide Web API, Web dashboards, market data, paper
trading simulation, API sandbox environment, and community platforms.

## Audience

This document is written primarily about our [Broker
API](https://broker-api.alpaca.markets/) built for developers and product owners
who build trading apps, investment products, and brokerage services. If you are
a retail or institutional trader who aims to invest your own fund, please read
the [Trading API document](https://alpaca.markets/docs/).

&nbsp;

Commit message:

fixed summary + hopeful fix to pictures

content/docs/introduction/_index.md, after:

---
bookFlatSection: true
title: "Introduction"
weight: 1
summary: Open brokerage accounts, enable commission-free trading, and manage the ongoing user experience with Alpaca Broker API
---

# Introduction

## Who is Alpaca?

### A little bit of history of the company and founders

Alpaca is a technology company headquartered in Silicon Valley that builds
commission-free stock trading through API (Brokerage services are provided by
Alpaca Securities LLC, a member of
[FINRA](https://finra.org)/[SIPC](https://sipc.org)). We are a team of diverse
background individuals with deep financial and technology expertise, backed by
some of the top investors in the industry globally. We are proud to be supported
by the love of enthusiastic community members on [various
platforms](https://alpaca.markets/community).

Alpaca consists of a globally distributed team of professionals from a dozen
different nationalities across North America, South America, Africa, Asia, and
Europe with experience working at industry-leading companies including FINRA,
Wealthfront, EMC, Greenplum, Cloudera, IBM, Apex Clearing, Waddell & Reed, and
Lehman Brothers. Alpaca was founded by [Yoshi
Yokokawa](https://www.linkedin.com/in/yoshiyokokawa/) (CEO), and [Hitoshi
Harada](https://www.linkedin.com/in/hitoshi-harada-02b01425/) (CTO/CPO). Our
well-capitalized group of investors include [Spark
Capital](https://www.sparkcapital.com/), [Portag3](https://www.p3vc.com/),
[Social Leverage](https://www.socialleverage.com/), [Y
Combinator](https://www.ycombinator.com/) as well as highly experienced industry
angel investors such as Joshua S. Levine (former CTO/COO of ETRADE), Eric Di
Benedetto (a fintech angel investor with more than 30 IPO and M&A exits), and
several YC alumni angels.

### Vision

Our vision is to allow the 7 billion people on the planet to access financial
markets. We are committed to providing a secure, reliable and compliant platform
for anyone who wants to build their own trading strategies, asset management
automation, trading and robo-advisor apps, new brokerage services, investment
advisory services and investment products. It is important for us to have a
variety of developers who build exciting things using our API.

### What services does Alpaca provide?

Alpaca provides trading and clearing services for US equities under its
subsidiary Alpaca Securities LLC. We currently support stocks and ETFs listed in
the US public exchanges (NMS stocks). Support for other asset classes, such as
options, cryptocurrencies, futures, FX, private equities, and international
equities are on our roadmap.

We work with retail traders and institutional investors directly, and also work
with app developers, broker-dealers globally, investment advisors and fintech
companies that offer US stock investing features to their end customers, both in
and out of the United States.

To serve our customers, we provide Web API, Web dashboards, market data, paper
trading simulation, API sandbox environment, and community platforms.

## Audience

This document is written primarily about our [Broker
API](https://broker-api.alpaca.markets/) built for developers and product owners
who build trading apps, investment products, and brokerage services. If you are
a retail or institutional trader who aims to invest your own fund, please read
the [Trading API document](https://alpaca.markets/docs/).

&nbsp;
