content/docs/community/_index.md, before:

---
bookFlatSection: true
weight: 30
title: Community and Other Useful Resources
---

# Community and Other Useful Resources

## Slack

We have an [active community on Slack](https://alpaca.markets/slack) with
developers and traders from all over the world. For Broker API we have a
dedicated channel #broker-api for you to discuss with the rest of the community
building new products using Broker API. You will be automatically added
#announcements, #community, #feedback, and #q-and-a.

## Forum

We have set up a [community forum](https://forum.alpaca.markets/) to discuss
topics ranging from integration, programming, API questions, market data, etc.
The forum is also a place to find up-to-date announcements about Alpaca and its
features. The forum is the recommended place for discussion, since it has more
advanced indexing and search functionality compared to our other community
channels.

## Articles and FAQs

We are adding articles and [FAQs](https://alpaca.markets/support) in our
[resource site](https://alpaca.markets/learn) for Broker API use cases. These
should help get started, copy and paste the code snippet, and understand
different scenarios. Please let us know any contents you want to see there as
well.

&nbsp;

Commit message:

fixed summary + hopeful fix to pictures

content/docs/community/_index.md, after:

---
bookFlatSection: true
weight: 30
title: Community and Other Useful Resources
summary: Open brokerage accounts, enable commission-free trading, and manage the ongoing user experience with Alpaca Broker API
---

# Community and Other Useful Resources

## Slack

We have an [active community on Slack](https://alpaca.markets/slack) with
developers and traders from all over the world. For Broker API we have a
dedicated channel #broker-api for you to discuss with the rest of the community
building new products using Broker API. You will be automatically added
#announcements, #community, #feedback, and #q-and-a.

## Forum

We have set up a [community forum](https://forum.alpaca.markets/) to discuss
topics ranging from integration, programming, API questions, market data, etc.
The forum is also a place to find up-to-date announcements about Alpaca and its
features. The forum is the recommended place for discussion, since it has more
advanced indexing and search functionality compared to our other community
channels.

## Articles and FAQs

We are adding articles and [FAQs](https://alpaca.markets/support) in our
[resource site](https://alpaca.markets/learn) for Broker API use cases. These
should help get started, copy and paste the code snippet, and understand
different scenarios. Please let us know any contents you want to see there as
well.

&nbsp;
