---
bookHidden: false
weight: 4
title: Understanding Orders
---

# Understanding Orders 🧐

Using Alpaca Trade API, a user can monitor, place and cancel their orders with Alpaca. Each order has a unique identifier provided by the client. This client-side unique order ID will be automatically generated by the system if not provided by the client, and will be returned as part of the order object along with the rest of the fields described below. Once an order is placed, it can be queried using the client-side order ID or system-assigned unique ID to check the status. Updates on open orders at Alpaca will also be sent over the streaming interface, which is the recommended method of maintaining order state.

## Buying Power

In order to accept your orders that would open new positions or add to existing ones, your account must have sufficient buying power. Alpaca applies a “buying” power check to both buy long and sell short positions.

The calculated value of an opening buy order is the order’s limit price multiplied by the order’s quantity. In the case of market buy orders, the limit price is 2.5% to 4% above the current market price as noted above.

The calculated value of an opening sell short order is MAX (order’s limit price, 3% above the current ask price) multiplied by the order’s quantity. In the case of market short orders, the value is simply 3% above the current ask price \* order quantity.

The order’s calculated value is then checked against your available buying power to determine if it can be accepted. Please note that your available buying power is reduced by your existing open buy long and sell short orders, whereas your sell long and buy to cover orders do not replenish your available buying power until they have executed.

For example, if your buying power is $10,000 and you submit a limit buy order with an order value of $3,000, your order will be accepted and your remaining available buying power will be $7,000. Even if this order is unfilled, as long as it is open and has not been cancelled, it will count against your available buying power. If you then submitted another order with an order value of $8,000, it would be rejected.

## Orders Submitted Outside of Eligible Trading Hours

Orders not eligible for extended hours submitted between 4:00pm - 7:00pm ET will be rejected.

Orders not eligible for extended hours submitted after 7:00pm ET will be queued and eligible for execution at the time of the next market open.

Orders eligible for extended hours submitted outside of 9:00am - 6:00pm ET are handled as described in the section below.

## Extended Hours Trading

Using API v2, you can submit and fill orders during pre-market and after-hours. Extended hours trading has specific risks due to the less liquidity. Please read through our disclosure for more details.

Currently, we support the following extended hours:

- Pre-market: 9:00 - 9:30am
- After-hours: 4:00 - 6:00pm

Additionally, please be aware of the following constraints.

- If the order is submitted between 6:00pm and 8:00pm ET on a market day, the order request is returned with error. Alpaca reserves this time window for future expansion of supported hours.
- If the order is submitted after 8:00pm but before 9:00am ET of the following trading day, the order request is queued and will be eligible for execution from the beginning of the next available supported pre-market hours at 9:00am.

### Submitting an Extended Hours Eligible Order

To indicate an order is eligible for `extended _hours` trading, you need to supply a boolean parameter named extended_hours to your order request. By setting this parameter as true, the order is will be eligible to execute in the pre-market or after-hours.

Only `limit` `day` orders will be accepted as extended hours eligible. All other order types and TIFs will be rejected with an error. You must adhere to these settings in order to participate in extended hours:

1. The order type must be set to `limit` (with limit price). Any other type of orders will be rejected with an error.
2. Time-in-force must be set to be `day`. Any other time-in-force will be rejected with an error.

All symbols supported during regular market hours are also supported during extended hours. Short selling is also treated the same.

## Order Types
